We are making great progress on our contract.
We've got two more functions left.
So, the next step function is the buyItem function.
To start, let's make a function called buyItem.
This accepts the sku of the item that the buyer wants to buy.
First, we will need to make sure that we use
the modifier to see if the item is even up for sale.
So, we will apply the modifier forSale.
We will pass the sku to this modifier.
Remember this modifier is accepting an argument which is the sku number.
So, we're going to pass it right there.
Next, we'll also need to check that the buyer has paid enough amount.
This is done by applying the modified paidEnough.
Again, we're pacing the price of the item to the paidEnough modifier.
What it checks the msg.value is actually greater than this value.
We're also making this function public so that anyone can call this function.
We're also making this function payable because we are accepting money.
In fact, we are accepting and requesting money to
becoming through whoever is trying to buy this item.
Moving on, inside the function,
what is going on? Let's see.
So, we get the buyer's address.
This will be the msg.sender.
We will update the mapping for this sku with the buyer's address.
So, the first thing that we do is, first of all,
we get the address to make sure whoever is sending this request is the buyer.
Then the price, we get the price by accessing the mapping,
the items with this sku mapping,
and then.price, and then we're storing it in a variable called price.
Then what we do is we update the buyer.
Remember, our struct.
When we created a new item in the addItem,
remember we left this buyer zero.
So, now what we're doing is that we're actually updating it with this buyer's address.
So, now this struct or the item that
is created will actually have the buyer that we actually bought this item.
Then we also update the state to sold.
Remember this was set to forSale initially when we added the item.
Now we're changing the state to sold.
So, again, we're updating two things in our mapping.
We're updating the buyer.
We're updating the state.
Then what we do is we transfer the money.
So, we call the mapping "items[sku].seller.transfer" and then we transfer this price,
whatever price that's coming in,
and then of course we emit the forSale event.
So, again, I wanted to give you a little bit information on this statement right there.
We need to transfer the price paid by the buyer to the seller.
So, we'll look at the seller's address,
which actually is the same as owner of the lemonade stand or the contract owner.
Now, one thing I wanted to mention is that I have purposely written this contract this
way so that later you can extend the supply chain contract to make more sellers.
In this case, we're just making sure that the seller is just the owner.
Because remember in the addItem,
we're just adding this modifier so that
only the owner can actually add items to this supply chain.
But you can always take this off if you want anyone else to be able to add items.
But in our case, seller is the same as owner.
So, we're accessing that.
We're accessing the address of the seller and then we're transferring the price.
This is how you transfer Ether
on Ethereum and then whatever the price is coming in, I'm [inaudible] it.
Next, we're doing is that we're emitting
the sold event in case anyone is watching for this emit.
Fantastic. Now we've written out the buyItem function,
let's write the fetch item function in our next video.